Fix workspace name overwrite with env var TF_WORKSPACE (#867)
opentofu/opentofu: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed regression where `tofu` was not ignoring GPG signing key expiration by default ([822](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/822))
  - Added experimental env variable to enforce checking of GPG signing key expiration `OPENTOFU_ENFORCE_GPG_EXPIRATION=true`
  - This is planned to default to `true` in a future release.

> * cloud: fixed a bug related to `workspaces` configuration using environment variables ([#814](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/814))

Reviewer: I think people may come along and hit `ctrl+F` and search for `TF_WORKSPACE` in our changelog if they did hit this issue, maybe we can be a bit more verbose here?

Maybe something like
```suggestion
* cloud: fixed a bug related to `workspaces` configuration not correctly recognizing TF_WORKSPACE env var ([#814](https://github.com/opentofu/opentofu/issues/814))
```

Author: @Yantrio thank you for suggestion James! I agree with it 👍🏻
